Don't think about arguing anymore
Think about it quietly
Tingting, this child must have a place to fall into the swamp
Hey, this Tingting is already 18 years old and an adult
No need for anyone to come over, let me see
Go out and burp
Make some money
I'm not going, I'm going to college
What university are you going to?
Who paid for your college education?
It is better to go out to work as soon as possible to earn money and get married
get married
That's a good idea.
Can you still get a bride price?
Brother, I like you.
You think it's good in our village
Is there money at home?
Just like that, you can still marry a wife in your 40s
Hey, you're good
I'll talk about it later
You have a bit of a good attitude
Hahaha, my dad's accident is not over
Don't you just say that your father is a poet?
I don't care. I'm going to college.
Mom, I'm going to college.
Tingting
Mom's conditions are also limited
You have a younger brother to support
I can't send you to college.
Getting married early is also a good way out
But Tingting's marriage must be decided by me
The dowry is mine
You think beautifully
Marrying you is the seed of our old Zhao family
Now I remember that he is the seed of the old Zhao family
Is he still the meat that fell off me?
It's impossible that this dowry is all ours
Don't forget that my bride price is also half mine
What am I, your wife?
This is my baby.
This is mine.
Hahaha
Dad?
Dad, where are you?
What is this?
Where are you from?
Notarized certificate
My name is Zhao Weiguo
ID number 232
My old house in Dongcheng District
The address is
Dongcheng District
No. 248
Leave it to me at night
I want to leave it to me
Leave it to me